how to downgrade your PSP go so you can
install the latest and greatest custom
firmware today on tues markets and that
three times fast that meant that pep hi
I'm box I'm couch guy watching the two
smart guys show which I don't really
need to announce because you just saw
the title on it PSP go I bought one a
couple months ago we showed you how to
run homebrew on it check back through
the walk back from vegas by ESP home one
of the limitations though was the
homebrew was limited in size you can
only do homebrew up because like 700
makes or something yeah and it was it
was awkward and crazy and it's actually
really good use for a device that
frankly didn't really catch on right and
one of the problems is not all the games
are available that are on the PSP for
the PSP go which is why you have to hack
it right so if you hack it you can
install a custom firmware that allows
you to run full view and be back up see
which is your games you make so you know
the things that you really wanted to
play now you can so I've got a quick
tutorial to show you guys how to take
the latest firmware from Sony and
downgrade it to 6.2 which will allow you
to load a custom firmware which will
make it better we're just 10 upgrade
which is upgrading it again and then
you're going to be able to make backups
of um bees and load backups how you can
use yet let's watch the video but you
know it's not confusing I don't know
gotomeeting oh you know gotomeeting is
cool keeps me you're having to fly
places in orlando alright and try it for
free for 30 days just use use code
podcast awesome stuff yeah citrix citrix
everybody can just like call in join the
meeting or maybe the computer
first off make sure that you are running
the 6.39 update on your PSP then
download the official 6.2 update for
your PSP and copy that on to your psp's
memory stick in the PSP update folder
and if there isn't one make one capital
update and put the e boot file into
their next you'll need to download the
downgrader package and then copy all
that over into PSP game folder on your
PSP simply run the downgrader and then
follow the instructions now that you've
successfully downgraded to 6.20 install
the custom firmware pro b5 simply
download this package extract it into
the PSP game folder and then run it and
then run the permanent patch and you'll
be all set running games like there's no
tomorrow so now that we've got this done
mm-hmm I can take all those games that I
couldn't play by a guy to play on my
other PSP and I can buy one of these and
take on the road and now my kids can
like you know right play those games
right because you got a regular PSP so
the radio and be so you can rip so like
robot nation racers chef and the kingdom
hearts game that never came out on PSP
kill ya it's okay you're pretty good you
go there I don't know paw nation racers
ever did come on if I bought it so I
didn't hook even I'm rambling and these
should be pretty cheap now yeah they're
uh scary chief I think promise finding
them they're kind of hard to find Wow
but you know it's not hard to find
another a shameless self-promotion
should have some promotion i ordered a
shirt i ordered you i ordered the shirt
i know so an email is like somebody
bought the shirt i made 17 cents
that's awesome know what you made I may
I did I took that thing as far down I
think I made a dollar 12 so the cool
thing we're talking about zazzle com by
the way so if you're in Minnesota
zazzle.com and if you look up two smart
guys and two smart guys calm just more
cut anyway you find a t-shirt that I
made that it's a hoodie and it's a
hoodie it's got what does it say on it I
void warned i only want you to style and
void warranty be styled and on the back
end guys calm you know what i noticed i
had to buy and hoodie you can buy it in
the logo is gonna be covered up by the
hood just a little bit not much it's
actually going to sleep in a school like
hey where'd you get that t-shirt in a
good night flip it of it then I guess
you don't have a hoodie you can buy the
t-shirt u Myo sourcing right the other
thing is if you come up with a better
want to have a better idea of the
t-shirt make your own I guess what you
can make a dollar you can make ten
dollars you can make it amazing really
cool like for our show I'll buy and you
make money on the stuff you you make on
zazzle yeah and you can set your imma
set they melt like I i put the the mount
like the amount that i make adds to the
prices of the other do whatever you do i
did a hoodie I think it's like 50 bucks
for hoodie and if i want to make ten
bucks it becomes 60 bucks from a guy
like shirts for like around 20 or
something it's a great thing is I made
that hoodie and you can actually excite
I won't want to do you know our t-shirt
click and you just pop over and it does
the same thing on a t-shirt yeah Oh
anyways a point being we have a code our
code use our code you can save ten
percent on orders fifty dollars or more
I got the fifty-dollar hoodie for far
less because I got that code it was
fantastic yeah I can't wait to see what
actually looks like when it comes in
because I've never seen it I just made
the t-shirt because we were you know new
law stuff was advil and I bought some
stuff for his asshole I I can do this
and it was actually really cheesy yeah
so so let us know what you think of the
shows somewhere in one of these corners
from time to time you'll see the word
subscribe I believe that it's in that
corner if you're on YouTube if you're on
itunes and anything else
it's in there there's a corner over
there that you go and get it I'm hit
that button and we'll just be a little
bit right in your inbox which we enjoy
sitting in your inbox see guys next week
I'm Fox I'm parks hi I'm box couch guy
watching the two smart guys show which I
don't really need to announce because
you just saw the title on it and you
know you just keep going it's really
okay I would just keep going all right
so anyway where you can't keep going
then I don't say keep going now that
would be awkward we're down to like one
viewer at this point pick up a used PSP
go cheap picked up you talking too much
already picked up the UCS we go cordless
short and sweet okay because that's what
the other part is for just hit him with
it like a stick ya got someting old make
it new what did you say I don't remember